Update WebRTC media source stats (#32538)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/rtcaudiosourcestats/index.md

{{APIRef("WebRTC")}}

> The **`RTCAudioSourceStats`** dictionary of the [WebRTC API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) provides statistics information about an audio track ({{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}) that is attached to one or more senders ({{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}).

Author: This was because the `media-source` "type" is shared by both audio and video objects, and this is how the items are sorted in BCD. I added a `spec-urls` frontmatter for video and audio to fix this.

> The **`RTCAudioSourceStats`** dictionary of the [WebRTC API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) provides statistics information about an audio track ({{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}) that is attached to one or more senders ({{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}).

Reviewer: Do you also need that for the individual members? And this looks like a systemic issue, e.g. https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/RTCPeerConnectionStats#specifications

> The **`RTCAudioSourceStats`** dictionary of the [WebRTC API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebRTC_API) provides statistics information about an audio track ({{domxref("MediaStreamTrack")}}) that is attached to one or more senders ({{domxref("RTCRtpSender")}}).

Reviewer: Yeah I agree that setting spec-url is easier. I think it is wrong to link to the enum type but don't care much, since we don't AFAIK have particularly precise policies for what to link to in spec URLs.

These statistics can be obtained by iterating the {{domxref("RTCStatsReport")}} returned by {{domxref("RTCRtpSender.getStats()")}} or {{domxref("RTCPeerConnection.getStats()")}} until you find a report with the [`type`](#type) of `media-source` and a [`kind`](#kind) of `audio`.

> **Note:** For audio information about remotely sourced tracks (that are being received), see {{domxref("RTCInboundRtpStreamStats")}}.

## Instance properties

> - {{domxref("RTCAudioSourceStats.audioLevel", "audioLevel")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}{{optional_inline}}

Author: The ones that are not marked `required` in the IDL.

  - : A number that represents the audio level of the media source.
- {{domxref("RTCAudioSourceStats.totalAudioEnergy", "totalAudioEnergy")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}{{optional_inline}}
  - : A number that represents the total audio energy of the media source over the lifetime of the stats object.
- {{domxref("RTCAudioSourceStats.totalSamplesDuration", "totalSamplesDuration")}} {{Experimental_Inline}}{{optional_inline}}
  - : A number that represents the total duration of all samples produced by the media source over the lifetime of the stats object.

### Common media-source properties

The following properties are present in both `RTCAudioSourceStats` and {{domxref("RTCVideoSourceStats")}}: <!-- RTCMediaSourceStats  -->

- {{domxref("RTCAudioSourceStats.trackIdentifier", "trackIdentifier")}}
  - : A string that contains the [`id`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrack/id) value of the [`MediaStreamTrack`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaStreamTrack) associated with the audio source.
- {{domxref("RTCAudioSourceStats.kind", "kind")}}

>   - : A string indicating the kind of media source. For an `RTCAudioSourceStats` this will always be `audio`.

Reviewer: This seems less helpful than what you had before. I never like it when a thing is called "X" and the docs say "Represents the X".

Author: I'm a bit ambivalent - I guess it is somewhat useful to know the other values  this might return, even at this level. I'll revert.

```suggestion
  - : A string indicating whether this object represents stats for a video source or a media source. For an `RTCAudioSourceStats` this will always be `audio`.
```
